Premiere Jamala Solo's new track .
Premiere new track by Sylvie Croix Please To Devon .
Young Transcarpathian musicians successfully performed at the competition in Eger .
Group the Prodigy decided whether it will continue to act after the death of the leader .
Coin sang the anthem of the USSR against the us flag .
The details of the suicide of the lead singer of The Prodigy .
Father decl talked about congenital disease of the rapper .
At parties in Insomnia will perform dOp and Sasha .
Vocalist The Prodigy planned to commit suicide a few years ago .
Cords wrote a poem about the residents called Khrushchev top Manager .
Susan Chani will play live on a modular synthesizer in Moscow .
Named the official cause of death decla .
The death of the singer the Prodigy Keith flint was a suicide .
The organizers of Eurovision has stopped sale of tickets .
The BBC has quietly removed from the air the songs of Michael Jackson .
Singer Valeria cursed for the desire to vote for Zelensky .
Widow decl spoke about it declared war .
The rapper told in the video about his drug business and went to prison .
Verka Serdyuchka changed her mind to save Ukraine at Eurovision .
The Exploited will perform in Moscow .
Little Big will sing in the mountains of Sochi .
In Ukraine found guilty of refusing to participate in Eurovision .
Lacrimosa will perform in Moscow .
If Russia wins the Eurovision song contest Ukraine will refuse the contest in 2020 .
Eurovision 2019 tickets sold against the rules decided to cancel .
Pregnant Jessica Simpson spent a week in the hospital .
Brezhneva won the podium at fashion week in Paris .
Pugachev made a splash on the holiday of spring .
Half-naked Kamensky again angered the network .
The BBC announced a boycott of Michael Jackson's songs .
In Russia Maruv recognized Breakthrough of the year .
Loboda presented the soundtrack to the popular show .
In Dublin opened vinyl alley .
Gaga commented on the rumors about the affair with Cooper .
The singer Zlata Ognevich was attacked by a pursuer .
Lorak latex boasted Russian awards .
The most notorious political scandals in Eurovision .
Singer Melovin shocked fans with a change of image .
After the scandal Alyona sang about empty promises .
Alyona Alyona topped the Russian charts .
In Kiev lined up a giant queue for a concert .
Rapper Alyona Alyona got into a scandal because of the forum Poroshenko .
Died singer and Grammy winner James Ingram .
Cords dedicated a poem to the Russian pornographer .