Named the most popular composer of 2018 .
Metallica recorded an acoustic version of The Four Horsemen .
Kamensky ridiculed for a bad photoshop .
The official logo of the Eurovision song contest 2019 .
The cause of death of Chris kelmi .
Candid photo of Nastya Kamensky caused controversy .
Pop singer ed Sheeran was accused of plagiarism of the song .
Chris kelmi will be buried incognito .
The network appreciated the candid outfit Tina Karol .
Song Cried group KAZKA has broken a new record .
KAZKA confirmed participation in the national selection for Eurovision 2019 .
The Network has estimated a bold Nastya Kamenskih .
Poroshenko called the TOP-7 Ukrainian songs year .
Died singer and musician Chris kelmi .
Ukrainian stars showed how they met the New year .
Wasserman starred in a new clip Buzova .
Singer Iggy Azalea criticized for indifference .
Beating Dzidzio musician may lose his hearing .
Nirvana filed a lawsuit against Marc Jacobs for stealing the logo .
Jared Leto showed a piquant photo in the outfit of Santa Claus .
Named the most popular song of Ukrainian radio .
Beating Dzidzio more details .
In Kiev in broad daylight beat Dzidzio .
The Network is discussing a picture of collapsed on the chair Rihanna .
Jamal first showed his son's face in the photo .
The teacher is the rapper has announced the first concert .
LJ rapper was denied entry to Ukraine .
Dasha Astafieva has released a new clip Winter .
Kamensky played a jazz version of Shchedryk .
Christmas hit Mariah Carey broke the popularity record .
Tina Karol caught without makeup .
The hackers posted a new song Pugacheva .
Todorenko and Topalov showed his son in the video .
Divorce court started Ani Lorak sad selfie singer .
The Russian singer was called poor and was not allowed in Ukrain .
In St. Petersburg will release an unreleased album of the group Kino .
Intimate retro photo of Madonna became a hit of the Network .
Pole dancing Cardi B released a candid clip .
The new video Jennifer Lopez became an Internet hit .
Loboda explained silent about her daughter's father and ran into criticism .
The song about hot dogs overtook the chart hit Ariana Grande .
Leningrad has released a music video on female monsters .
Time magazine chose the worst songs of the year .
Paul McCartney released a video with Emma stone .
Reparse-teacher made a video about moving .
Paul swam Loboda caught on photoshop .
The leader of Rammstein dressed in a Japanese schoolgirl .
The PLOT of the bastard Why Ani Lorak is diluted .
Ani Lorak officially filed for divorce .
The body of the popular singer found at the bottom of the river .
The comedian parodied the naked photos of Jennifer Lopez .
Named nominees for the music award Yuna 2019 .
Svetlana Loboda announced the release of a new clip .
Named the soundtracks of Oscar winning 2019 .
The rating of the most profitable music tours of the year .
Members of The Beatles reunited on stage .
British singer dressed in a dress of the Ukrainian brand .
In London the house was robbed ex-beatle Paul McCartney .
Died three-time Grammy winner Nancy Wilson .
In Kiev on the tank American singer showed the clip .
Musician Cannibal Corpse attacked a COP with a knife .
In the marvel comic found singer Nikolai Baskov .
Chosen Nicki Minaj to be the killer and rapist .
Ridiculous outfit Britney Spears caused controversy in the Network .
Sweetmarie 65 Resonant statements about Ukraine .
Experts have chosen the most popular hit of the 20th century .
Cords made fun of the presentation aerotaxi crashed in the snow .
Rapper Eminem was buried in a new music video .
Died frontman of punk rock band the Buzzcocks Pete Shelley .
Tina Karol has posed naked in a new music video .
Loboda lit up at the concert Rammstein in Russia .
Todorenko and Topalov became the parents of .
Kamenskikh released a video about the adventures in Miami .
Photo Kamensky in his underwear has caused controversy in the Network .
Vera Brezhnev showed a photo with his clone .
The leader of Rammstein sent to all three letters .
Kazka group was awarded in Russia in absentia .
Kylie Minogue noticed in the top of the Ukrainian brand .
Loboda went into business in Russia .
In Ukraine cancel concerts because of martial law .
Regina Todorenko got married .
Named THE top 100 songs of 2018 .
Scandal with Ukrainians on the Song of the year KAZKA denies participation .
The announcement of the show Ani Lorak in Russia has caused controversy in the Network .
Named THE top 100 songs of 2018 .
Scandal with Ukrainians on the Song of the year KAZKA denies participation .
The announcement of the show Ani Lorak in Russia has caused controversy in the Network .
Photo Kamensky in his underwear has caused controversy in the Network .