Brainwaves have learned to translate into speech .
Scientists have created a vaccine against cancer but they do not believe .
Facebook pays users it spies on .
Smartphones lead to weight gain scientists .
Rover Curiosity sent a new selfie .
DNS Flag Day Ukrainian sites can lie down on February 1 .
A method of transmitting sound with a laser right in the ear .
Scientists have called the main threats to humanity .
In the Arctic found frozen samples 40 thousand years ago .
Storytelling of everything Why science needs a new huge Collider .
Doctors have called the product normalizing the pressure .
They're already thinking for us Technotrends of 2019 .
It turned out why some people eat and do not get fat .
The scientists said the danger of working in night shifts .
Buried alive scientists told about the death of Alexander the great .
Found the tomb of the researcher who called Australia .
NASA could not establish communication with the Rover Opportunity .
Named the main cause of aging .
India launched a record light satellite .
Sugerowana wolf superlon celestial phenomena in 2019 .
Discovered a way to treat deadly forms of cancer .
The robot-courier Amazon started to deliver the purchase .
Scientists debunked the myth of climate change because of the Sun .
Named approaching premature death products .
Scientists told how to drink beer .
The laboratory recreated the famous killer wave .
The meteorite fell on the moon during the Eclipse .
Ukrainian astronomers have created a unique telescope .
Pavel Durov to launch his own cryptocurrency in March media .
Scientists have found in human bones a new type of blood vessels .
In the Lviv dungeon found an ancient sword .
The size of the black hole in the center of the Galaxy for the first time accurately measured .
Ukraine fell in the ranking of innovation .
In China found the world's deepest blue hole .
Named an unexpected way to improve brain concentration .
Long sleep is dangerous for pregnant women scientists .
China confirmed the birth of genetically modified children .
Cocaine in the Thames made eels hyperactive .
Scientists have learned how to raise a successful child .
The ninth planet of the Solar system was called a strange disk .
China has put into orbit four satellites .
Under the ice Antarctica found dead organisms .
The United States launched into space a secret intelligence satellite .
Scientists have found a gene responsible for obesity .
The oldest periodic table of elements is found .
Named an easy way to improve brain function .
Cash register receipts dangerous to your health scientists .
Details of personal life of Hitler and his wife are disclosed .
Soviet probe returned to Earth 40 years later .
In Geneva will build a new Collider for 25 billion .
In Egypt found tombs hidden in an oasis .
There was a video of convergence of the probe with NASA Ultimas Tula .
In Peru found a mass grave of children .
The cotton seedling on the Chinese lunar Rover has died .
Popular method of combating aging does not work-scientists .
Swietnosci on the moon Space race China and the United States .
Children need to learn porn in schools scientists .
Named a way to prevent premature death .
Scientists have found the cause of the giant dead zones .
There was a video of a biological experiment on the moon .
Lack of sleep carries a mortal danger-scientists .
Chinese probe completed the experiment on the moon .
The storyline race is smarter Genetics with Nobel stripped titles .
Scientists have created a rocket with infinite fuel generation .
Dragon ship successfully returned to Earth .
Found a product that slows down the aging process .
China has set a record for space launches .
Nobel laureate and discoverer of DNA was stripped of titles for racism .
In Italy developed a smart bowl for animals .
Became known some EU countries are less likely to Fund science .
Lost contact with the orbital telescope Radioastron .
Named the most effective remedy for cough .
Scientists have announced the new benefits of alcohol .
SpaceX launched a Falcon 9 rocket with ten satellites .
Scientists have found an abnormally lonely galaxy .
Apple has developed smart clothes that can be connected to a smartphone .
Solved the purpose of the statues on Easter island .
Recognition of fakes depends on the age of the scientist .
The landing of the Rover on the opposite side of the moon showed in the video .
The birth of a black hole Scientists have recorded a strange phenomenon .
Panoramic images appeared side of the moon .
Scientists call the hazard NAP .
Hubble has discovered the brightest quasar in the Universe .
Mysterious radio signals recorded outside the galaxy .
Scientists are one step away from creating an artificial star .
On the Hubble telescope having problems with the camera .
Military satellite Russia de-orbited and burned .
Scientists have described a way to extend the life .