Russian cosmonauts told about the hole in the ICS266 .
Scientists have found out how to build Stonehenge .
Among the dolphins there are hipsters the scientists .
SpaceX with the fifth time launched the Falcon 9 with the latest satellite GPS117 .
In China, opened the first private base for the construction of missiles .
Published the main achievements and failures of science in 2018 .
Suprun told how to deal with stress .
SpaceX canceled the launch of Falcon 9 for the fourth time .
The astronaut after the ISS had to learn to walk .
Belgian scientists announced the creation of a vaccine against zika virus .
An asteroid in the shape of a hippopotamus swept past the Earth .
Scientists called the three most lonely age .
China launched an experimental communications satellite .
Sweetnataly dwarf Beyond Pluto has discovered a new planet .
NASA showed the brightest comet of the year in the photo .
Scientists have found a way to predict premature death .
In China engineers have created a robot-spider .
Russia launched a proton-M with a military satellite .
Scientists told how animals affect the health of children .
SpaceX for the third time postponed the launch of the Falcon 9 rocket .
InSight station installed the first instrument on Mars .
The probe took a picture of the icy lake by Mars .
Schoolboy biohacker created DNA and injected it into his body .
In Italy found the remains of the oldest dinosaur .
Sweetadeline preserved Tomb of the priest in Egypt .
SpaceX rescheduled the launch of Falcon 9 .
Scientists have found that marijuana changes the genetic code of men .
Named the duration of sex in young parents .
Scientists have explained the harm of sugar
Scientists have found out how often the fate of children of alcoholics .
Fast food causes depression scientists .
Scientists have removed the most remote object of the Solar system .
Scientists have found the cause of female longevity .
Plot robots will take the job Report on the rapid development of AI .
In Egypt found the tomb intact .
Prostitution the oldest profession .
In Argentina found the remains of an ancient giant sloth .
In 20 years reindeer have been halved .
In Antarctica found a colony of penguins aged 3000 years .
Found a planet that is dying at a record pace .
The spaceplane Virgin Galactic has reached record heights .
The Chinese will be the first to reach the back of the moon .
Touched The Sun Parker probe took a photo of the star crown .
Scientists announced the distribution in reservoirs dead zones .